Patch for delegate 82005 - Update delegate.md (#4932)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

   The name of the corresponding user group created in Harness will retain the special symbols as present in the user group of the SCIM provider. Example: For a user group in SCIM with the name `Harness.Group?Next#Gen-First`, the user group created in Harness will have the same `name`: `Harness.Group?Next#Gen-First`.

### Version 24.01.82005

#### Hotfix

> - Addition of extra logs to capture CI pod cleanup issues for windows. (CI-10636)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added extra logs to capture CI pod cleanup issues for Windows. (CI-10636, ZD-54688)
```
